SQC-354 add mtls fields for hyperdrive command (#20523)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/wrangler-commands/hyperdrive.mdx

  - Specifies max duration for which items should persist in the cache, cannot be set when caching is disabled.
- `--swr` <Type text="number" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />
  - Stale While Revalidate - Indicates the number of seconds cache may serve the response after it becomes stale, cannot be set when caching is disabled.
- `--ca-certificate-uuid` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Sets custom CA certificate when connecting to origin database. Must be valid UUID of already uploaded certificate via wrangler cert command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Sets custom CA certificate when connecting to origin database. Must be a valid UUID of a certificate uploaded via `wrangler cert` command.
```

- `--mtls-certificate-uuid` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Sets custom mTLS client certificates when connecting to origin database. Must be valid UUID of already uploaded certificates via wrangler cert command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Sets custom mTLS client certificates when connecting to origin database. Must be a valid UUID of a certificate uploaded via `wrangler cert` command.
```

  - Specifies max duration for which items should persist in the cache, cannot be set when caching is disabled.
- `--swr` <Type text="number" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />
  - Stale While Revalidate - Indicates the number of seconds cache may serve the response after it becomes stale, cannot be set when caching is disabled.
- `--ca-certificate-uuid` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Sets custom CA certificate when connecting to origin database. Must be valid UUID of already uploaded certificate via wrangler cert command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Sets custom CA certificate when connecting to origin database. Must be a valid UUID of a certificate uploaded via `wrangler cert` command.
```

- `--mtls-certificate-uuid` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   - Sets custom mTLS client certificates when connecting to origin database. Must be valid UUID of already uploaded certificates via wrangler cert command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Sets custom mTLS client certificates when connecting to origin database. Must be a valid UUID of a certificate uploaded via `wrangler cert` command.
```
